powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.promotions.tasks.send_coupon_expiry_reminders
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.promotions.tasks.send_new_coupon_notifications
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.auto_complete_abandoned_rentals
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.calculate_overdue_charges
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.check_overdue_rentals
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.cleanup_old_rental_data
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.detect_rental_anomalies
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.generate_rental_analytics_report
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.send_rental_reminders
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.sync_rental_payment_status
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.rentals.tasks.update_rental_package_popularity
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.cleanup_inactive_user_achievements
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.create_seasonal_achievements
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.generate_social_analytics_report
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.recalculate_leaderboard_ranks
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.send_achievement_unlock_notifications
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.send_leaderboard_position_updates
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.update_achievement_progress_for_user
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.update_all_user_achievements
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.social.tasks.update_user_leaderboard_stats
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.check_offline_stations
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.cleanup_resolved_issues
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.generate_station_analytics_report
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.optimize_power_bank_distribution
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.send_station_maintenance_reminder
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.sync_power_bank_status
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.update_station_heartbeat
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.stations.tasks.update_station_popularity_score
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.cleanup_expired_audit_logs
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.cleanup_unlinked_social_accounts
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.deactivate_inactive_users
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.generate_user_analytics_report
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.send_kyc_verification_reminder
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.send_profile_completion_reminder
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.send_social_auth_welcome_message
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.sync_user_data_with_external_services
powerbank_celery-1         |   . api.users.tasks.update_user_last_activity